hey everyone um this is my next hair
tutorial like this with the bangs and
like teased a little cooked up I guess
you could say it's basically in everyday
hairstyle you could say oh you're only
going to need hairspray which I use is
why train extra hold unscented here
sprite it's really good and then i use
the bad head hair brush this brush is
really good for teasing what for me it's
the only brush I use I don't use a comb
because it just seems like too much work
and this one has like harder grip so
when you tease it you get so much more
hair and yeah that's all you're going to
need so you have to suck first thing you
do is contact where you want your bein
lied to me um I could use anything like
I would use bobby pin so I'm going to
use and I usually have my bangs lot
right here rivermont at Rutland's so
what I do is I bring it up and then I
put it aside and that's what I can't
figure out what my bangs are gonna be
and then just brush everything else down
here's a little teaser it now sorry guys
um but yeah here my name's and do the
side I so that's our diverse then what i
would do is i would start off and bring
all of your hair back instead of just
not the bank so the bank stay but
everything else goes back
and then you could do with a good hair
split if you'd like just so it'll save
you clip your bangs to the side also
just so that they won't annoy you and
the next thing you do is take hair the
back bring it up and taste back just
like that and then hair spray it and
then the hair it's like back here um
this is the way I do it there are
numerous ways that yours could do it but
this is how I do it I look at me and
just brush it back
go to the hairspray whenever just so
that you want it to stay and then I
would tease this I don't tease my layers
I just tease my hair clothes I know it's
just easier for me we just hairspray and
then go to the other side tithi
there's ping I am a babe as Serena sorry
guys okay can I just brush it back down
I'm in hairspray for me it's always
better if you start Biggers and then you
guys can always go down smaller so if
it's bigger it's better just brush it
now basically this whole hair thing is
basically how big how small you want it
and what I what not so
next thing are the bangs I tease my
beings just like that just a little in a
hairspray
and while it dries you could always fix
the other side no I'm just doing a
little adjustment you guys could just
like pop it up with your fingers you
guys could tahsil it whatever and then
you just brush your brains down and pop
it up so that
make sure you hit your bangs and the tip
of it just stood there mm you know this
is how I do it I hope